The workflow from Project 1 to GitHub/Jules was very different. Project 1 required a lot of back and forth with Gemini and tweaking to ensure the output was desirable. It took a lot of edits, iterations,  and time to generate what I needed. Using GitHub and Jules, the most time consuming part (aside from waiting for an output) was organizing the files and then crafting a detailed prompt that provided all of the context Jules needed. After that, the project was complete and done in precisely the way I hoped. I didn't have to make tweaks or go back and forth. The output was strong.
The control lies in the code in this workflow, instead of relying on an AI chatbots built in logic and features. in GitHub, I can see the code and logic that it used to run the output, and if I needed to make changes, I could find the line of code and make the adjustment myself. I have a lot more control over the output than I did with Gemini, Jules just provides the initial framework.
If I had one more week, I would create a better visualization. I think the bar chart was a little confusing, since typically a larger bar equates to a more positive output. In this case, the lower the bar meant the better ranked the course was. Perhaps I would instead ask Jules to make it a horizantal bar chart, with Acc 6400 at the top (now the visual queue is the top = best) which might help make the takeaway more clear. Honestly though, I would also spend more time brainstorming on which visual could support the analysis best, because maybe a bar chart is not the way to go. I think there is a lot more I could do if I had a week though, like creating more visuals, analyzing more questions, and essentially redoing Project 1. I wonder if it'd be easier and faster.
One accounting application of this workflow from another class would've been for my financial statement analysis class. The big group project was for me to analyze Nike's financials and create a report with key takeaways and recommendations. I think Jules and Github could have identified areas of improvement and positivities from the data quicker than me, and also produced a comprehensive summary with visuals that would have made my presentation and report look better. It took a lot of manual work for me to complete that project, much of which could have been automated and quickened using this workflow.
